IGNITE-24035 Implemented default values for MS and CMG node lists on init (#5315)
apache/ignite-3: docs/_docs/administrators-guide/lifecycle.adoc

image::images/lifecycle1.png[Cluster initialization]

> Then, the nodes specified in the `--metastorage-group` argument form a RAFT group and take the role of *metastorage group*. These nodes will hold the authoritative copy of cluster meta information. If `--metastorage-group` is not specified, the nodes are chosen automatically. The number of nodes is chosen automatically as follows:

Reviewer: We should also specify which nodes are chosen, that we chose by name in alphabetical order.

Author: ```suggestion
Then, the nodes specified in the `--metastorage-group` argument form a RAFT group and take the role of *metastorage group*. These nodes will hold the authoritative copy of cluster meta information. If `--metastorage-group` is not specified, a set of nodes is automatically selected in alphabetical order. The number of selected nodes is determined as follows:
```

Author: Added in the latest version

> [source, javascript]

Reviewer: This is not a code sample, it should be normal text, probably a list.

Author: It's written as a formula, not a list.

Author: rewrote it as a list

----
metastorage_group_size =
    cluster_size <= 3 ? cluster_size // If up to 3 nodes, use all nodes for CMG and metastorage.

>     : cluster_size == 4 ? 3 // If 4 nodes, use 3 nodes to have an odd number of nodes for better split-brain protection.

Author: 4 nodes segmented as 2+2. With 4 nodes in MS, you get full unavailability. With 3 nodes in MS, one of the two halves will be able to continue working.

Simply put, in consensus-based systems you should avoid ties in voting. The easiest way to avoid ties is with odd number of voters.

>     : cluster_size == 4 ? 3 // If 4 nodes, use 3 nodes to have an odd number of nodes for better split-brain protection.

Reviewer 2: I understand that, but what you described is not a split-brain scenario, you can't have it in Raft. Therefore I find the current wording confusing.

>     : 5 // Use 5 nodes on larger clusters; don't use more to avoid unnecessary overhead.

Reviewer: This should also include info that if cmg is specified, we have the same size as it.

Author: rewritten
